my pleasure you know you look good it's
funny because you could just kind of
wear anything you want it's cool right I
don't know Jenna I don't know if I wore
that people you like what are you
Sherlock Holmes
not really but did the Kangol people get
bummed out when you start wearing just a
variety of other kinds of hats
they make these kinds of hair oh they
did oh they made that okay no this is
not a kanga but they make these I think
you know they have kanga baby baseball
caps they have knit caps I didn't know
that airplane flap caps they got
everything they do why would one need an
airplanes a night cap fedoras they look
dope four-door all right so there are
all purpose hat maker and is fairly
pigeon-holed them you did yes I said I
just want to apologize to the King old
people are they people have you ever
been to the Kangol factory or anything
like that I have not but at one point
there was something going on and they
had a hat making machine that was stuck
somewhere and I got it moved from
wherever it was to another city how did
you get it moved money help them and
they moved the Hat make a machine from
one place to another and fired it back
up and started making hats again in this
town where people could works Wow
you like save the tattled no I save town
let's go with you say it's a better
story
residents cheer as hat-making machine
arrives big parade everything you went
to the big premiere last night yeah
is it not do you like to watch yourself
like will you sit watch the whole movie
there's a lot of actors and this is a
terrible little secret is a lot of
actors that these movie premiers will
show up they go to the red carpet and
then that they get to the end of the red
carpet they head right for the door they
don't want to watch themselves well they
have a cast dinner somewhere because
you've seen the movie like 13 times
maybe some people and you go to a cast
dinner and then you show up at the party
afterwards did you do that no I watch
the movie you watch the movie yes I've
never seen it with an audience I saw it
the only seen it once and I saw it with
my agent manager lawyer you know bookie
with all kind of people that had to
cheer for it uh-huh right they get my
daughter and her friends when my row
with me and a bunch of you know all
these people there so yeah sure of
course awesome to watch it's got to be
the best part after all this work and
all the promotion you have to do like
sit next to people well to feel real joy
from people around you that are just
sitting there and never seen it don't
know what story's about
gasps laughing screaming crying you know
it was it was nice brie Larson was here
last night and we spoke about you at
length and she said we did we spoke
about you because she said you're hurt
one of her best friends yeah is she one
of your best friends of course okay yeah
is she closer to you or who's ahead on
the best friend list brie or Magic
Johnson
well I mean that's very different well I
see Bree a lot more than as the herb Oh
interesting because she was kind of I
won't say complaining
maybe grousing would be the word that
you are not invited her on those Italy
trips that you and magic take every
summer and I also would love to go on
one of those trip as well as I mentioned
you I said I've been here what nine
times and you mentioned it 12 yes yeah
and I mentioned it to magic every time
he's here and each time you guys nod
politely and then the next thing I know
I'm sitting at home I'm looking at
Twitter and there you there you guys are
on the boat and guess who's not with you
me but you know what's easy what I can
give you the number of the person that
that wrist those boats uh-huh and I want
to be on your boat I don't want to be I
don't want to go on the boat I just
visit we could all I see because now my
wife and I actually do like two weeks on
like a bowl of our own then we do the
last two weeks but Irving and cookie and
last year was like you know it's like
the black yacht club Irving a cookie me
and Latonya and and Steve and Marjorie
Harvey okay Harvey goes on this I'm
gonna start farther yeah they're all
boat - yeah but all three these yachts
were like rolling down a Riviera we were
like
I don't know that I don't know afford
the yacht but what if we were to attach
a ding news in the back of the table and
we get out of a rope and I get just
being like kind of a little boat behind
you and then I'll join you for meals
well we can rich you the tender take
that take people from port to port it's
fine I will be happy I will swipe right
on that tender in no time
yeah and the chef is awesome the chef is
I baby yeah chef is so awesome that when
we have hot dogs or hamburgers he makes
it on buns oh you guys are eating hot
dogs in Italy I'm not coming your
vacation and you haven't food you know I
mentioned in the monologue that they
really what they did to your face in
this movie is is crazy I mean the
process called Lola and usually it looks
cruddy it doesn't look right but it
looks so good it really I mean you know
does it usually look like you know when
they do bad work you know like Benjamin
Button it just looks like a alien came
down and like you know it's like it
doesn't look like an old person I don't
know that that's a common well I'm
commenting on it so this is in 1998 and
then moving the negotiator right okay
Roman and then here you are in this
movie then in Roman face I mean that's
yeah that's it's perfect it's
unbelievable
is that is that weird for you to see and
for your wife to see those I don't know
about my wife I watched my old movies
all the time so no it's not weird to see
here something that you shot like last
year and oh man a punk channel surfing
and there's something older man on that
I liked I watch it you will watch though
I see that face what's the last one you
watched on TV on your own that heart
will vengeance oh you did yeah and you
watch the whole thing I watched it for
where I caught up to it till it was over
do you think of things that happen
during that time all your shoot is I do
back memories that have nothing to do
with the film Oh totally yeah yeah I I
just started playing golf when we were
shooting that movie and we were shooting
in Yankee Stadium the Yankees Stadium
scene where I go looking for the clue
and I took my driver with me because I
wanted to hit a golf ball out of Yankee
Stadium oh nice little home plate and
the groundskeepers fell on the ground
laughing I think though the it's like
you hit that driver you're gonna kill
somebody in an apartment in the box I
had no real clue that you know home runs
go feet not yards right you get a driver
two and a half football fields right I
would have killed somebody in somebody's
kitchen you never got the opportunity to
hit a ball out of Yankee Stadium I did
not not even with a wedge I think I
don't have one with me we have to make
that dream come true what about soccer
stadium would you Barrett would that be
yeah all right yeah cuz you're not gonna
kill anybody out there really if you do
nobody'll know
[Laughter]
naima details so bizarre a scroll could
never fabricate it
toasters cut diagonally I can't eat it
you didn't need that didn't you
no no I didn't but I enjoyed it okay
your turn
prove via now scroll
squirrels can't do that Jackson a fool
accident in Captain Marvel which opens
the theaters and IMAX on Friday playing
Nick Fury without an eyepatch it for you
that had to be good right I mean an
altar where that thing you know kind of
dope to wear an eyepatch
does it change your performance in any
way changes the way I learned my lines
how does it change the way you learning
your lines
well something something about my memory
process I visualized pages when I
learned stuff so first time I did
Captain America I hadn't worn that I've
had to learn anything I've had it much
to learn for spider-man stepping out of
the shower South shadows so when I put
the eye patch on I got ready to do the
dialogue with Captain America and I
could only see half the page it was like
oh okay this is problem this is
problematic yeah so um I went told me
give me five minutes that went over and
cover one I read the page we had the
page read the page and click back knows
fine it's like you're at the optometrist
yeah yeah yeah that's interesting it's
kind of weird but interesting playing
Nick without that is interesting playing
Nick without the knowledge that Nick
Fury has without the chip on the
shoulder bright without the attitude
yeah kind of young kind of free kind of
you know never met a super being or an
extraterrestrial had you ever worked
with the cat before in that then that
compare that will capacity not that
closely did you like working with the
cat Bechet was cool guys ready yeah he
was Reggie was cool no cats real name
yeah there were also three others oh
there were three Oh
the other three every each of them had
specific tasks that they were supposed
to be good at but Reggie was a
jack-of-all-trades I see he could do
everything
uh-huh and he got kind of used to me
like snacking him you know I did just
they just give you stuff and you give
them a snack you talk gently to him
while they're in their place and then
you know you give him another snack and
next thing you know you're like best
friends is that the is that the
technical term snacking them that's what
I was doing
that's what I got I mean it's like you
know it's like cat dope but it went
kidding me and what catnip if you liked
that video then put a ring on it click
the subscribe button below
Oh